_pages/en-us/about.md, before:

---
page_id: about
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/multi-language-al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update profile picture and bio

_pages/en-us/about.md, after:

---
page_id: about
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Bioinformatician | Scientific Developer

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a bioinformatician specialized in structural bioinformatics and large-scale
simulations, working at the intersection of physics, chemistry, and computer 
science. 

I have particularly focused on developing and implementing a 
comprehensive software suite for interactive molecular simulations (IMS), 
enabling real-time human interaction with ongoing simulations, especially for 
studying the insertion profile of membrane proteins. 

Currently, I am further 
specializing as a scientific developer, enhancing my skills in software 
engineering, in particular software architecture.
